Capture New Zealand Photography Workshops, Expeditions & Tours | The Hidden Realm - Fiordland 12 Day Photography Expedition

Capture New Zealand

Photography Workshops, Expeditions & Tours

Home
2022 Workshops
2023 Workshops
About
Contact
Register

Capture New Zealand > 2023 Workshops > The Hidden Realm - Fiordland 12 Day Photography Expedition

The Hidden Realm - Fiordland 12 Day Photography Expedition

Details
Overview
Gallery
Itinerary
Fees

Register Now
Contact Us

Details
Date: 19 June 2023 - 30 June 2023
Duration: 12 Days
Group Size Limit: 12 Photographers

Overview
Finding undiscovered photographic destinations which boast spectacular and secluded scenery is becoming a rarity these days. As the leaders in opening up explorations into new territories we are excited to offer the unique and exclusive opportunity to photograph mainland New Zealand's most inaccessible and least-visited wilderness: the hidden realm of Fiordland.Named Ata Whenua by early Māori, which translates to Shadowlands, the name evocatively captures the mood and mysteriousness of the landscapes found here. Weather-scarred coastlines give way to a labyrinth of glacier-carved waterways which lead deep into the Fiordland interior, where ranks of precipitous mountains tower over the island-dotted waters. As well as the incredible scenery these waters are home to dolphins, penguins, seals, albatross, and other pelagic bird species.This exceptional photography expedition begins with a 7-day deep exploration of Fiordland's southern fiords, which are only accessible by sea, aboard a comfortable and spacious purpose-built vessel. Each day's photography will be tailored to take advantage of the prevailing weather conditions, with landings scheduled to explore from shore and venture into the forest interior. The isolation of the fiords we sail through has been beneficial in ensuring their epic beauty remains virtually unspoiled and undisturbed, and we will be capturing incredible images of what is considered the most unexplored wilderness of mainland New Zealand.Upon our return to land, we then set up base in Te Anau, the picturesque lakeside town on the fringe of the Fiordland National Park. During our 3-day stay here we will take two private helicopter flights high into the Fiordland mountains, spending time in hidden locations which offer spectacular opportunities to capture never-before-seen photographs. We will also make a day trip through to Milford Sound, stopping to photograph the impressive landscapes along the way.This expedition is ideal for those who enjoy adventure travel with style, and want to capture unique and powerful photographs of the grandeur and beauty of New Zealand's most formidable wilderness.

Itinerary
Day 1: Arrival Queenstown
Days 2 - 8: Queenstown - Te Anau - Southern Fiordland
Days 9 - 11:  Te Anau
Day 12: Te Anau - Queenstown - Depart

Please note: As this is an expedition workshop the sailing itinerary and helicopter flights are subject to change based on the prevailing weather conditions. The objective of this workshop is to immerse ourselves in locations for contemplative photography and so will make our daily photography plan based on the weather, to take advantage of the best light and conditions.

$18,750.00 USD double occupancy

All amounts are in US Dollars.

Inclusions
Accommodation in Queenstown and Te Anau as detailed in the itinerary
Accommodation on board private charter boat and use of all public areas for the duration of the expedition
All meals from dinner on the arrival day until breakfast on the departure day
Photographic instruction and support throughout the workshop by Phillip Bartlett

Exclusions
All Covid-19 vaccination, pre-flight and immigration associated costs according to current travel and arrival regulations
Any other travel services required to arrive at Queenstown and all associated taxes, levies and insurances
Any personal items including alcoholic beverages, souvenirs and travel insurance
Immigration, duty, passport and visa fees where applicable
Please note that travel and evacuation insurance is mandatory and is not included in the expedition cost

Terms and Conditions
Please ensure you read our terms and conditions.



Latest Testimonials

This was a great experience which had us visiting and photographing the best ‘authentic New Zealand’ locations utilising the best light. Phillip possesses a wealth of experience, skill and expertise which he is able to share with each individual photographer… a great deal of effort is made to ensure that each individual has their own needs and goals met; whether these be photographic or personal. Some people may ask is a trip like this worth the cost? My response would be if you are looking for a professional, impeccably organised way of photographing the South Island that provides the opportunity to improve your skills – all while travelling with fun, like-minded people; it is more than worth it and you would be hard-pressed to find better.

Alan B., Australia.

I have participated in a number of photo workshops both in the USA and overseas, and this particular trip is the best I have attended. Phillip has worked hard to develop a great itinerary for his guests, including good food and outstanding coffee. With only 6 participants, we were able to get to know everyone and develop a good camaraderie. Phillip is always ready with advice when in the field; I came home with a number of outstanding images. I definitely recommend Capture New Zealand.

Eileen H., USA.

I’m going over my images while waiting to depart from the Christchurch airport – what an amazing trip! Thanks so much for your instruction, sherpa and guiding, my images are so much better due to y’all. I really enjoyed my time spent with everyone, I could not have asked for better traveling companions.

Suzanne W., USA.



